Jof ocp4.6 changes (#163)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_deploying-stf-to-the-openshift-environment.adoc

----
endif::[]

[id="subscribing-to-the-amq-certificate-manager-operator"]
== Subscribing to the AMQ Certificate Manager Operator

You must subscribe to the AMQ Certificate Manager Operator before you deploy the other {ProjectShort} components because the AMQ Certificate Manager Operator runs globally-scoped. The AMQ Certificate Manager Operator is not compatible with the dependency management of Operator Lifecycle Manager when you use it with other namespace-scoped operators.

[NOTE]
If you are using {OpenShift} ({OpenShiftShort}) 4.5, go directly to step 3.

.Procedure

. If you are using {OpenShiftShort} 4.6, enable the Red Hat CatalogSource:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: CatalogSource
metadata:
  name: redhat-operators-stf
  namespace: openshift-marketplace
spec:
  displayName: Red Hat STF Operators
  image: quay.io/redhat-operators-stf/stf-catalog:v4.6
  publisher: Red Hat
  sourceType: grpc
  updateStrategy:
    registryPoll:
      interval: 30m
EOF
----

> . If you are using {OpenShiftShort} 4.6, install the Red Hat CatalogSource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are using {OpenShiftShort} 4.6, Subscribe to the AMQ CertManager Operator via the `redhat-operators-stf` CatalogSource:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: amq7-cert-manager
  namespace: openshift-operators
spec:
  channel: alpha
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: amq7-cert-manager
  source: redhat-operators-stf
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
EOF
----

> . If you are using {OpenShiftShort} 4.5, subscribe to the AMQ Certificate Manager Operator, create the subscription, and validate the AMQ7 Certificate Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you are using {OpenShiftShort} 4.5, subscribe to the AMQ Certificate Manager Operator, create the subscription, and validate the AMQ Certificate Manager:
```
